_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Office T.474</p>
    <p>1, Esplanade de l'Université</p>
    <p>31080 Toulouse</p>
    <p>Toulouse School of Economics</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

#latest_posts:
 # enabled: true
 # scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
 # limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update about page with new biography and comments
Commented out subtitle and announcements sections in the about page. Updated biography details and added research focus.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
#subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Office T.474</p>
    <p>1, Esplanade de l'Université</p>
    <p>31080 Toulouse</p>
    <p>Toulouse School of Economics</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

#announcements:
  #enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  #scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  #limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

#latest_posts:
 # enabled: true
 # scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
 # limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---
I am a CNRS Research Scientist in the Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences at the [Toulouse School of Economics](https://www.tse-fr.eu/groups/department-social-and-behavioral-sciences?tabs=0) and the [Institute for Advanced Study in Toulouse (IAST)](https://www.iast.fr/).

Previously, I worked as a Marie Skłodowska-Curie Fellow in the [Human Behaviour, Culture and Cognition group](https://ecologyconservation.exeter.ac.uk/research/themes/human-behaviour/) at the University of Exeter. From 2014-2017, I was a postdoctoral researcher at the [School of Human Evolution & Social Change](https://shesc.asu.edu/) and the [Institute of Human Origins](https://iho.asu.edu/) at Arizona State University.

My research investigates the mechanisms underlying cumulative cultural evolution. Through experiments and other methods, I explore questions such as: What cognitive abilities enable humans to produce increasingly complex technologies? What kinds of social interaction patterns promote collective intelligence? And to what extent do pre-existing solutions constrain exploration and creativity?
